Update release-plan.md (#463)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-planning/release-plan.md

# Release Plan

A release plan outlines the features and work that we plan on putting into the release version of the product. A release plan allows us to understand our resources available to accomplish the design, development, and quality assurance work required for a successful product release. 

## Release Plan vs. Roadmap

A release plan is different from a roadmap, in that a roadmap typically lays out the direction and prioritization the product is headed and includes larger objectives and larger features. 

> The release plan may include major bugs, smaller features and even tasks required to complete a feature set. The release plan document typically includes all the R&D teams’ proposed work so that we can get a holistic view of what features, bugs or improvements are targeted for the release. Each team may also have their own version of a release plan that they use for tracking features and resource planning. You can find our [release plan here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1K7b7hIfYHz-jbzonJlN1vosiWZRbU1fb5aZ_2xO7tE0/edit#gid=420927153).

Author: This link is out of date but I'm not sure whether we link to productboard or somewhere in the handbook.

Reviewer: https://mattermost.productboard.com/feature-board/1097526-release-tracking-internal

> The release plan may include major bugs, smaller features and even tasks required to complete a feature set. The release plan document typically includes all the R&D teams’ proposed work so that we can get a holistic view of what features, bugs or improvements are targeted for the release. Each team may also have their own version of a release plan that they use for tracking features and resource planning. You can find our [release plan here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1K7b7hIfYHz-jbzonJlN1vosiWZRbU1fb5aZ_2xO7tE0/edit#gid=420927153).

Author: ```suggestion
The release plan may include major bugs, smaller features and even tasks required to complete a feature set. The release plan document typically includes all the R&D teams’ proposed work so that we can get a holistic view of what features, bugs or improvements are targeted for the release. Each team may also have their own version of a release plan that they use for tracking features and resource planning. You can find our [release plan here](https://mattermost.productboard.com/feature-board/1097526-release-tracking-internal).
```
